Internalize Newtonsoft.Json (#1241)
elastic/apm-agent-dotnet: NOTICE.txt

> ==========

Reviewer: minor nitpick: I think we should name this file `NOTICE`, for consistency with the existing LICENSE.

> Notice for: Elastic.Apm.Libraries.Newtonsoft.Json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notice for: Elastic.Apm
```

Author: Done

----------

> Copy of the Newtonsoft.Json project version 13.0.1 by @JamesNK,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The source code in src/Elastic.Apm/Libraries/Newtonsoft.Json iscopied from Newtonsoft.Json by @JamesNK,
```

Author: Done
